source/hardware/payloads/eh2000.rst, before:

######
EH2000
######

Test commands for the NuttX shell
=================================

Get the device information and reported feedback from the gimbal:

.. code-block:: sh

   listener gimbal_device_information
   listener gimbal_device_attitude_status

Do a camera trigger test:

.. code-block:: sh

   camera_trigger test

Do a continuous camera trigger test until stopped:

.. code-block:: sh

   camera_trigger test_interval
   camera_trigger test_interval stop

Make the camera look forward and follow yaw:

.. code-block:: sh

   eh2000 test follow

Make the camera look down and follow yaw:

.. code-block:: sh

   eh2000 test lookdown

Make the camera look left/right with a pitch of 45 degrees down:

.. code-block:: sh

   eh2000 test lookleft
   eh2000 test lookright

Prepare the camera for precision landing, which includes the following commands:

- zoom out (:mavlink:`MAV_CMD_SET_CAMERA_ZOOM`)
- auto focus (:mavlink:`MAV_CMD_SET_CAMERA_FOCUS`)
- follow yaw (:mavlink:`MAV_CMD_DO_GIMBAL_MANAGER_PITCHYAW`)
- lookdown (:mavlink:`MAV_CMD_DO_GIMBAL_MANAGER_PITCHYAW`)

.. code-block:: sh

   eh2000 test precland

We prepared some profiles for the camera:

.. code-block:: sh

   eh2000 test profile_auto
   eh2000 test profile_shutter

Important!! In the current state, we do not set the save path automatically. Make sure to run the following command after ssh'ing to the drone:

.. code-block:: sh

   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=setSavePath&path=1"

As a fallback option, ssh to the drone and run these commands:

.. code-block:: sh

   # Format the SD card
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=formatMedia"
   # Switch to manual mode
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=shootMode&mode=5"
   # Set aperture to F5.6
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=apertureMode&mode=16"
   # Set ISO mode to AUTO
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=isoMode&mode=0"
   # Set shutter speed to 1/2500
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=shutterSpeedMode&mode=18"
   # Set exposure compensation to -0.3EV
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=exposureCompensationMode&mode=4"
   # Set zoom to 0 (completely zoomed out)
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=setZoomValue&value=0"
   # Save images to SD card
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=setSavePath&path=1"
   # Do a single capture
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=capture&mode=0"

Commit message:

eh2000: zoom and focus test commands added

source/hardware/payloads/eh2000.rst, after:

######
EH2000
######

Test commands for the NuttX shell
=================================

Get the device information and reported feedback from the gimbal:

.. code-block:: sh

   listener gimbal_device_information
   listener gimbal_device_attitude_status

Do a camera trigger test:

.. code-block:: sh

   camera_trigger test

Do a continuous camera trigger test until stopped:

.. code-block:: sh

   camera_trigger test_interval
   camera_trigger test_interval stop

Make the camera look forward and follow yaw:

.. code-block:: sh

   eh2000 test follow

Make the camera look down and follow yaw:

.. code-block:: sh

   eh2000 test lookdown

Make the camera look left/right with a pitch of 45 degrees down:

.. code-block:: sh

   eh2000 test lookleft
   eh2000 test lookright

We provide commands to test the camera zoomed in (50mm) and zoomed out (16mm) and automatically focussed:

.. code-block:: sh

   eh2000 test zoomin
   eh2000 test zoomout
   eh2000 test focus

Prepare the camera for precision landing, which includes the following commands:

- zoom out (:mavlink:`MAV_CMD_SET_CAMERA_ZOOM`)
- auto focus (:mavlink:`MAV_CMD_SET_CAMERA_FOCUS`)
- follow yaw (:mavlink:`MAV_CMD_DO_GIMBAL_MANAGER_PITCHYAW`)
- lookdown (:mavlink:`MAV_CMD_DO_GIMBAL_MANAGER_PITCHYAW`)

.. code-block:: sh

   eh2000 test precland

We prepared some profiles for the camera:

.. code-block:: sh

   eh2000 test profile_auto
   eh2000 test profile_shutter

Be aware that these commands do certain other things: They flash the SD card and set the save path, so that images are written to the SD card.

As a fallback option, ssh to the drone and run these commands:

.. code-block:: sh

   # Format the SD card
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=formatMedia"
   # Switch to manual mode
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=shootMode&mode=5"
   # Set aperture to F5.6
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=apertureMode&mode=16"
   # Set ISO mode to AUTO
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=isoMode&mode=0"
   # Set shutter speed to 1/2500
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=shutterSpeedMode&mode=18"
   # Set exposure compensation to -0.3EV
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=exposureCompensationMode&mode=4"
   # Set zoom to 0 (completely zoomed out)
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=setZoomValue&value=0"
   # Save images to SD card
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=setSavePath&path=1"
   # Do a single capture
   curl -G "http://192.168.42.108:80/cgi-bin/configManager.cgi?action=capture&mode=0"
