source/howtos/px4_simulation.rst, before:

PX4 Simulation on Gazebo inside docker containers
=================================================

1. Install docker and docker-compose
------------------------------------

Basic requirements:

- Ubuntu 20.04 (Focal)
- Docker 20.10.21
- Docker-compose 1.29.2

.. code-block:: sh

    sudo apt update && sudo apt install docker.io


.. code-block:: sh

   sudo curl -L "https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/1.29.2/docker-compose-$(uname -s)-$(uname -m)" -o /usr/local/bin/docker-compose
   sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/docker-compose
   sudo usermod -aG docker $USER

2. Setup docker registry certification
--------------------------------------

.. code-block:: sh

   sudo mkdir -p /etc/docker/certs.d/10.8.0.102:443
   sudo wget https://gist.githubusercontent.com/dayjaby/0580f38d022d5990907a62a662b253d7/raw/4b4dd1bc14a2b179938e0c1cab506178e8028a66/domain.crt -O /etc/docker/certs.d/10.8.0.102\:443/ca.crt


3. Get the docker-comose file from github
-----------------------------------------

then need a github account to visit our organization repository

.. code-block:: sh

   git clone git@github.com:BeagleSystems/BeagleDroneContainers.git

Or only get the docker-compose file

.. code-block:: sh

   https://github.com/BeagleSystems/BeagleDroneContainers/blob/36a23e5226cd9fff9b95c4ae98ad0bf3c36662e3/docker/docker-compose.sim.yml


4. Pull the containers
----------------------

Check if VPN is connected by ping 10.8.0.1, if not, connect to VPN first.

.. code-block:: sh

   cd BeagleDroneContainers/docker
   docker-compose -f docker-compose.sim.yml pull


5. Run the containers
---------------------

.. code-block:: sh

   docker-compose -f docker-compose.sim.yml up -d

Or add alias to ~/.bash_aliases

.. code-block:: sh

   # simulation quick start
   alias px4sim-pull="cd ~/Development/BeagleDroneContainers/docker && docker-compose -f docker-compose.sim.yml pull"
   alias px4sim-up="cd ~/Development/BeagleDroneContainers/docker && docker-compose -f docker-compose.sim.yml up -d"
   alias px4sim-restart="cd ~/Development/BeagleDroneContainers/docker && docker-compose -f docker-compose.sim.yml restart"
   alias px4sim-down="cd ~/Development/BeagleDroneContainers/docker && docker-compose -f docker-compose.sim.yml down"

Then pull / up / down / restart can be called with these short alias from command line

6. Change takeoff location if needed
------------------------------------

Open http://127.0.0.1:7843 in browser

Change sim:home_lat, sim:home_lon, sim:home_alt in the UI, then restart the simulation container

.. code-block:: sh

   docker-compose -f docker-compose.sim.yml restart

7. Simulate Precision Landing
-----------------------------

Set the PX4 parameters for precland


  set LTEST_CAM_MODE to Fixed
    because there is no gimbal attach with the camera in the simulation model yet, will be improved later
  set RTL_PLD_MD to Conditional precision landing (3)
    need to use conditional precision landing mode to trigger our precision landing in Return mode

8. Setup different world mode
-----------------------------

TODO


9. Move around components in simulation world
---------------------------------------------

By default, the drone is spawned (2,2) meters away from the center of the landing map

can move the drone and landing map before takeoff to test different landing scenarios

TODO

Commit message:

add PLD_GSC_BYPASS param for px4 simulation

source/howtos/px4_simulation.rst, after:

PX4 Simulation on Gazebo inside docker containers
=================================================

1. Install docker and docker-compose
------------------------------------

Basic requirements:

- Ubuntu 20.04 (Focal)
- Docker 20.10.21
- Docker-compose 1.29.2

.. code-block:: sh

    sudo apt update && sudo apt install docker.io


.. code-block:: sh

   sudo curl -L "https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/1.29.2/docker-compose-$(uname -s)-$(uname -m)" -o /usr/local/bin/docker-compose
   sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/docker-compose
   sudo usermod -aG docker $USER

2. Setup docker registry certification
--------------------------------------

.. code-block:: sh

   sudo mkdir -p /etc/docker/certs.d/10.8.0.102:443
   sudo wget https://gist.githubusercontent.com/dayjaby/0580f38d022d5990907a62a662b253d7/raw/4b4dd1bc14a2b179938e0c1cab506178e8028a66/domain.crt -O /etc/docker/certs.d/10.8.0.102\:443/ca.crt


3. Get the docker-comose file from github
-----------------------------------------

then need a github account to visit our organization repository

.. code-block:: sh

   git clone git@github.com:BeagleSystems/BeagleDroneContainers.git

Or only get the docker-compose file

.. code-block:: sh

   https://github.com/BeagleSystems/BeagleDroneContainers/blob/36a23e5226cd9fff9b95c4ae98ad0bf3c36662e3/docker/docker-compose.sim.yml


4. Pull the containers
----------------------

Check if VPN is connected by ping 10.8.0.1, if not, connect to VPN first.

.. code-block:: sh

   cd BeagleDroneContainers/docker
   docker-compose -f docker-compose.sim.yml pull


5. Run the containers
---------------------

.. code-block:: sh

   docker-compose -f docker-compose.sim.yml up -d

Or add alias to ~/.bash_aliases

.. code-block:: sh

   # simulation quick start
   alias px4sim-pull="cd ~/Development/BeagleDroneContainers/docker && docker-compose -f docker-compose.sim.yml pull"
   alias px4sim-up="cd ~/Development/BeagleDroneContainers/docker && docker-compose -f docker-compose.sim.yml up -d"
   alias px4sim-restart="cd ~/Development/BeagleDroneContainers/docker && docker-compose -f docker-compose.sim.yml restart"
   alias px4sim-down="cd ~/Development/BeagleDroneContainers/docker && docker-compose -f docker-compose.sim.yml down"

Then pull / up / down / restart can be called with these short alias from command line

6. Change takeoff location if needed
------------------------------------

Open http://127.0.0.1:7843 in browser

Change sim:home_lat, sim:home_lon, sim:home_alt in the UI, then restart the simulation container

.. code-block:: sh

   docker-compose -f docker-compose.sim.yml restart

7. Simulate Precision Landing
-----------------------------

Set the PX4 parameters for precland

  set PLD_GSC_BYPASS to 1
     bypass the global position lock check
  set LTEST_CAM_MODE to Fixed
     because there is no gimbal attach with the camera in the simulation model yet, will be improved later
  set RTL_PLD_MD to Conditional precision landing (3)
     need to use conditional precision landing mode to trigger our precision landing in Return mode

8. Setup different world mode
-----------------------------

TODO


9. Move around components in simulation world
---------------------------------------------

By default, the drone is spawned (2,2) meters away from the center of the landing map

can move the drone and landing map before takeoff to test different landing scenarios

TODO
